I'm going to the building.
I'll leave the business here to you.
Stay put
Are you really going to the building?
Yes, this time I'm going to find an enemy.
I'm going to settle with him
No way.
I'm not at ease if you go alone
Xue Zhilong, so many years have passed
I don't know how you are now.
Must my appearance surprise you?
director
Our Genting Group has suffered an unknown hacker attack.
Now some business lines have been sent to us.
financial crisis
Did you find out who did it?
It's not clear yet.
Who is so brave
Dare to attack me
It's not greasy
Now part of the business has been paralyzed
There's really nothing we can do below.
Just came to ask you to make up your mind
I can't help it.
I have so many people, I can't help it.
It seems that this person is really capable
To gather the CEOs of each branch
Go to the Genting Group for a meeting immediately. Yes.